This directory contains the parser for Chapel which is implemented
using the bison/flex tool set. The sources for the parser are

  chpl.lex # lex input file
  chpl.ypp # bison input file

and the generated files are

  flex-chpl-lib.h
  flex-chpl-lib.cpp
  bison-chpl-lib.h
  bison-chpl-lib.cpp

respectively.  The location for the generated files is
defined using appropriate directives within the parser
sources.

Historically we included only the parser sources in the repository
and relied on the target platform to construct the generated C files
while the compiler is being installed.

This policy was revised when we began to rely on features that were
included starting in bison 2.5.  Although bison had already advanced
to 3.*, some machines that we relied on still had bison 2.3 installed
by default.  We judged that some potential users might have the same
constraint. We addressed this by including the generated parser in the
repository.

Further we were required to disable the Makefile rule to rebuild the
parser from the sources whenever the sources were changed as we could
not control the date-stamp on the sources relative to the generated files
when a user updates their repository.


This means that we require that developers who work on the parser:

1) explicitly build the generated parser when they alter the parser
   sources.  To do so, run `make parser` from the $CHPL_HOME directory.

2) use the current versions of flex and bison available in Homebrew
   (at the time of this writing, that is flex 2.6.4 and bison 3.8.2)

3) when submitting a pull request to modify the parser sources, also include
   the generated parser.  We find it helpful to add the sources and the
   generated files as separate commits within the same pull request.
   This enables the reviewer to more easily ignore the extensive diffs
   that may appear in the generated parser.

Note that if there is ever a case in which the generated parser becomes
corrupted it can be restored with:

  cd frontend/lib/parsing
  git checkout flex-chpl-lib.h flex-chpl-lib.cpp bison-chpl-lib.h bison-chpl-lib.cpp
